With validation added let's make sure we can update or save our recipe so any recipe edit component
in on submit.
I don't want to print the form I want to do something with it.
I want to save it in my array of recipes or update an existing one.
So for days I will need to change my recipes service.
Right now it has no method which allows me to add or update recipes so I'll edit add recipes I'm method
I will need.
And here I expect to get a recipe of type recipe or update recipe here I expect to get the index off
the recipe.
Should update and then add a new recipe.
Is of type recipe.
In the ADD recipe case I will simply take my recipes array and push a new item on it.
This new recipe and the update recipe is what I will take my recipes array.
Take the element at the index I got here as an argument and set it equal to the new recipe.
There is the logic in the service for now in the recipe component recipe edit component.
Excuse me we already inject this service.
So in on Submit I now check if we are in added mode.
If we are then on my service of course want to call the update recipe method because I am interested
in guess what updating it.
I don't want to create a new one because we're in edit mode so you're past the idea of the recipe we're
working on.
And then the new recipe.
Let's create this new recipe outside of this.
Check the new recipes simply is a new recipe using our recipe model which you therefore have to import
at the top.
And with that imported let's configure it.
We actually have to pass all the data.
This constructor expects so we can access this on our recipe form here on the value.
We know we will have a name.
We all know that here on the recipe form on the value we will have the description.
Now that's getting long so I'll put this over multiple lines here.
The next argument we expect is D-Mich. path.
And guess what.
We know that our value will have that image path because of V configure does form and it's control so
we know that all these values will be present once it is submitted.
Also because we added validation to prove and well the submission of values which are not valid and
you're the same for the array we can simply use our recipe for the value works which is stored in our
array ingredients.
Let's see if that is in the form and we require it to be.
So if that we get our new recipe now we can simply pass this new recipe here as an argument to update
recipe.
Or if we are not in edit mode we will call the recipe servers the ADD recipe method and pass our new
recipe here.
As a side note since our value of the form has exactly the format of our recipe model and to say names
like image pop and so on and it is something we especially well wanted to make sure we focused on.
You can skip this step of saving it in a new constant and just pass this recipe for value because the
object stored here should have a valid format to fed one of our recipes.
So that is a fine way of then taking really advantage of the reactive approach we're using here.
With that we're saving the data.
Now let's see if that actually gets added to our list of recipes.
Every type q here while I don't know didn't change here.
If I type something here and I click save I don't see it but we also don't get an error.
Now let's check do we submit it.
Yes we do and this button is of type submit.
What's wrong.
Do you figure it out.
We had this problem earlier and of course it has something to do with our recipe's service.
We add an update recipes but when we get a list of recipes we return a copy here with the slice method.
Therefore this is not the same array we're using in our component as the one we're storing in this recipe
service.
So the one we're updating is not reflected in the components.
We can simply use the same approach as any shopping list service.
I'll have my recipes changed event here which is a new subject and subject is important from our X-Trace
subject.
Make sure to add this import.
This will then pass an array of recipes as a value.
And now here are what we call AB recipe.
I simply use these recipes changed event years so to say and emit a new value this new value is a new
copy of my recipes.
So that's the same approach as we used in the shopping lists service to say of course when we update
a recipe.
And as I mentioned earlier any shopping service you could reap fact or days into its own method.
So with this added Now we can go to our recipe list component.
We're just in the end where we get our recipes and an NGO on entered.
I now want to listen to this event.
So on the recipe servers on recipes changed I will subscribe to the demand and if it did change I noted
I will receive a new array of recipes that is the data will get and does call back then.
And then inside here.
Now I want to get my updated recipes or simply set the recipes equal to the recipes I got passed here.
I should say that's an approach comparable or pretty similar to the one we used in the shopping list
service.
So let's save this.
And now if we try to edit this recipe put it to after the name.
Now it get updated here.
And now if I add a new recipe here some image that will be displayed of course is just a test.
And that's even added ingredient red 10 if I had save we see it.
Of course without an image but Dad seems to work and if I put this to the shopping list.
Bread was added.
So that is all working here.
And the arrows you see here on the right.
They simply occur because we can't fetch this image.
So this is our recipe for now working well for updating and for new recipes.
Now let's see if there is something else we should do.